docs: add auth0 rule documentation (#489)
Jameskmonger/creature-chess: README.md

  - **domain** as `AUTH0_DOMAIN`
  - **client id** as `AUTH0_SPA_CLIENT_ID`

- Add a new Empty Rule to Auth0

>   This is to check to see whether the incoming user has meta data set against their User in Auth0.

Author: ```suggestion
  This exposes the user's Auth0 metadata.
```

Reviewer: sorted

  - Go to your Auth0 Portal
  - Find: Auth Pipeline > Rules in the left side navigation.
  - Create a new Empty Rule

>   - Copy and paste the contents of: .auth0/rules/rule.js into this section.

Author: ```suggestion
  - Copy and paste the contents of: `.auth0/rules/attach-metadata.js` into this section.
```
